@W-17830285@ Add custom parameters to SLAS authorize calls (#2358)
SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit: packages/commerce-sdk-react/CHANGELOG.md

## v3.3.0-dev (Feb 18, 2025)
- Invalidate cache instead of removing cache when triggering logout [#2323](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/2323)
- Fix dependencies vulnerabilities [#2338](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/2338)

> - Add ability to send custom parameters to SLAS authorize calls via commerce-sdk-react auth helpers [#2358](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/2358)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allow custom parameters/body pass to SLAS authorize/authenticate calls via commerce-sdk-react auth helpers [#2358](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/2358)
```

> - Allow custom parameters/body pass to SLAS authorize/authenticate calls via commerce-sdk-react auth helpers [#2358](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/2358)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Allow custom parameters/body to be passed to SLAS authorize/authenticate calls via commerce-sdk-react auth helpers [#2358](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/2358)
```
